---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Course Information
---

* **Course:** [IT3038C - Scripting Languages](#)
* **Format and credit hours:** 3 credit hours; In Person.
* **Instructor:** Wesley Reed, [reedws@ucmail.uc.edu](mailto:reedws@ucmail.uc.edu)

:::caution note
The instructor reserves the right to update this syllabus as class needs arise. Be assured that any changes to the schedule, syllabus or policies, will communicated to you quickly and efficiently.
:::

## Course Description

This class will help you become familiar with what it means to be a script developer, when
it is appropriate to write a script, and discover what is possible with scripts. We will focus
on 4 different scripting languages: PowerShell, Bash, Python, and Node. Once introduced,
you will have the option to stick with any one of these languages for the remainder of the
course.  This course has an emphasis on how you apply what you learn, so be prepared to
think creatively about lab and project assignments - Prerequisite Definition: To take this course you must: Have taken the following Courses IT1080C min grade C-,IT1081C min grade C-.

### Prerequisites

* IT1080C - Computer Networking
* IT1081C - System Administration

## Learning outcomes

1. Setup VMs for writing and running script. Write our first test script.
2. Learn about different IDEs and select one that suits you.
3. Learn Python, Node, Bash and PowerShell
4. Learn about using Git and GitHub to manage your code.
5. Learn about calling APIs and using the data retrieved from them.
6. Compare and survey scripting languages
7. Debug and handle errors
8. Use scripts against web pages to collect data
9. Deploy applications to the cloud
10. Manage personal coding projects from beginning to end. Create something YOU want to create.
